reports/20251013.md, before:

# Instructions: 

Each status report must include the following two sections:

1. Team report (status update for your TA, including an agenda for the project meeting).

2. Contributions of individual team members.
   

Both sections should have the following three subsections (each subsection is best organized as bullet points):

1. Last week’s goals: an exact copy of the third section from last week (i.e., goals from a week ago). It is empty for the first week.

2. Progress and issues: what you did, what worked, what you learned, where you had trouble, and where you are stuck.

3. Plans and goals for the next week: each bullet point should include a measurable task and a time estimate.
    - You may use nested bullet points for parts of a larger task.
    - If tasks from one week ago aren’t yet complete, they should roll over into tasks for the next week, with a brief statement about struggles or blockers, and an updated estimate for time to completion.
    - For individual team members, no bottom-level time estimate should be greater than 3 days. If a task would be larger, think about a logical way to break it down and to have insight into progress.
    - For the team report, this subsection should be higher-level and indicate who is responsible for what tasks. Also, it’s good to include longer-term goals in this list as well, to keep the bigger picture in mind and plan beyond just the next week.

---
## Team Report 
#### Last week's goals 
  - Outlining general system and tools (choosing what platforms to work with)
  - Set up Supabase & ensure that all teammates have access to it
  - Have everyone install Node & npm
  - Set up Next.js project connected with Supabase and Tanstack query
    
#### Progress and issues  
  - Received feedback on our initial proposal; worked out necessary adjustments to be made based on the feedback.
  - Set up Supabase project and Next.js app
  - Unknown course milestones for the upcoming weeks; weren’t able to adapt our schedule for the whole quarter concretely
  - Still need to set up Database schema
  - Still need to set up Tanstack query

#### Plans and goals for the next week
  - Complete architecture and design document
  - Install tanstack query dependencies
  - Define database schema
  - Create Figma design for the app layout
  - Subdivide existing tasks + add new tasks in the schedule document
  - Get maplibre embedded in webpage and display pins based on mock data from database
  - Figure out deployment to vercel
    
## Contributions of individual team members
#### Last week's goals 
1. Nusha:
   - Establish Agile schedule and milestones.
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
2. Abigail:
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
3. Timofei:
   - Experiment with maplibre.
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
4. Ahana:
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
5. Aya:
    - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
6. Leo:
    - Set up the Supabase database and set up schema.

#### Progress and issues  
1. Nusha:
   - New changes made to course schedule impacted Agile deadlines.
   - Set up environment and got development server running, and made sure local repository is up to date (had a few syncing issues).
   - Updated previously set deadlines.
2. Abigail:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - The feedback on the proposal set back timeline on design plans a bit.
3. Timofei:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - Checked maplibre API.
4. Ahana:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - Brainstormed schema ideas.
5. Aya:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - Added reports/ directory to the repo
   - Created a shared figma project, but the feedback on the proposal set back timeline on design plans a bit.
6. Leo:
   - Set up Supabase database and sent out invites to teammates.
   - Set up Next.js w/ Supabase template.
   - Added Next.js project setup instructions to README.
   - Shared Supabase environment variables with the team
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).

#### Plans and goals for the next week
1. Nusha:
   - Finish creating Agile deadlines to reflect course expectations.
   - Start frontend tool setup and select a JavaScript framework.
2. Abigail:
   - Coordinate design ideas with Aya to develop app layout and feature designs on figma.
   - Work with Timofei on exploring maplibre API
3. Timofei:
   - Get maplibre API to work and fetch and display mock data from database on map (as pins and/or heatmap)
4. Ahana:
   - Set up DB schema
   - Set up tanstack query
5. Aya:
    - Coordinate design ideas with Abigail to develop app layout and feature designs on figma.
6. Leo:
   - Set up DB schema
   - Set up tanstack query

Commit message:

Update 20251013.md with team roles in section 1.3

reports/20251013.md, after:

# Instructions: 

Each status report must include the following two sections:

1. Team report (status update for your TA, including an agenda for the project meeting).

2. Contributions of individual team members.
   

Both sections should have the following three subsections (each subsection is best organized as bullet points):

1. Last week’s goals: an exact copy of the third section from last week (i.e., goals from a week ago). It is empty for the first week.

2. Progress and issues: what you did, what worked, what you learned, where you had trouble, and where you are stuck.

3. Plans and goals for the next week: each bullet point should include a measurable task and a time estimate.
    - You may use nested bullet points for parts of a larger task.
    - If tasks from one week ago aren’t yet complete, they should roll over into tasks for the next week, with a brief statement about struggles or blockers, and an updated estimate for time to completion.
    - For individual team members, no bottom-level time estimate should be greater than 3 days. If a task would be larger, think about a logical way to break it down and to have insight into progress.
    - For the team report, this subsection should be higher-level and indicate who is responsible for what tasks. Also, it’s good to include longer-term goals in this list as well, to keep the bigger picture in mind and plan beyond just the next week.

---
## Team Report 
#### Last week's goals 
  - Outlining general system and tools (choosing what platforms to work with)
  - Set up Supabase & ensure that all teammates have access to it
  - Have everyone install Node & npm
  - Set up Next.js project connected with Supabase and Tanstack query
    
#### Progress and issues  
  - Received feedback on our initial proposal; worked out necessary adjustments to be made based on the feedback.
  - Set up Supabase project and Next.js app
  - Unknown course milestones for the upcoming weeks; weren’t able to adapt our schedule for the whole quarter concretely
  - Still need to set up Database schema
  - Still need to set up Tanstack query

#### Plans and goals for the next week
  - Complete architecture and design document (team effort)
  - Install tanstack query dependencies (Ahana & Leo)
  - Define database schema (Ahana & Leo)
  - Create Figma design for the app layout (Aya & Abigail)
  - Subdivide existing tasks + add new tasks in the schedule document (Nusha)
  - Get maplibre embedded in webpage and display pins based on mock data from database (Timofei & Abigail)
  - Figure out deployment to vercel (team effort)
    
## Contributions of individual team members
#### Last week's goals 
1. Nusha:
   - Establish Agile schedule and milestones.
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
2. Abigail:
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
3. Timofei:
   - Experiment with maplibre.
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
4. Ahana:
   - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
5. Aya:
    - Set up the general system flow and tools: set up Supabase credentials and connect with Next.js project.
6. Leo:
    - Set up the Supabase database and set up schema.

#### Progress and issues  
1. Nusha:
   - New changes made to course schedule impacted Agile deadlines.
   - Set up environment and got development server running, and made sure local repository is up to date (had a few syncing issues).
   - Updated previously set deadlines.
2. Abigail:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - The feedback on the proposal set back timeline on design plans a bit.
3. Timofei:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - Checked maplibre API.
4. Ahana:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - Brainstormed schema ideas.
5. Aya:
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).
   - Added reports/ directory to the repo
   - Created a shared figma project, but the feedback on the proposal set back timeline on design plans a bit.
6. Leo:
   - Set up Supabase database and sent out invites to teammates.
   - Set up Next.js w/ Supabase template.
   - Added Next.js project setup instructions to README.
   - Shared Supabase environment variables with the team
   - Set up environment and got development server running (cloned repo, downloaded software, added Supabase environment variables file).

#### Plans and goals for the next week
1. Nusha:
   - Finish creating Agile deadlines to reflect course expectations.
   - Start frontend tool setup and select a JavaScript framework.
2. Abigail:
   - Coordinate design ideas with Aya to develop app layout and feature designs on figma.
   - Work with Timofei on exploring maplibre API
3. Timofei:
   - Get maplibre API to work and fetch and display mock data from database on map (as pins and/or heatmap)
4. Ahana:
   - Set up DB schema
   - Set up tanstack query
5. Aya:
    - Coordinate design ideas with Abigail to develop app layout and feature designs on figma.
6. Leo:
   - Set up DB schema
   - Set up tanstack query
